hi foodtube carry on here I'm gonna show
you my simple scrambled egg recipe so
what we're going to do first which is
most important is to put our frying pan
on we're going to put our toast I'm
using a griddle pan but just that's
because I'm gonna be able to posh mode
now I need six eggs in here I use happy
eggs like happy chickens that's one two
three four five six I've also got some
evaporated milk I'm gonna use just a
splash about 50 mils you don't have to
use it you can use milk ordinary milk
you can use cream you don't even have to
put anything but if you don't like it
now I'm gonna put a nice knob of butter
into the frying pan to cook the eggs now
to stop the butter from burning I'm also
gonna put in a little tiny drop of olive
oil as well in that goes this toast is
ready
so I'm just gonna crap that off and
leave it there
see that's the best thing about this
recipe toast can wait the ex-con so
we're gonna have a nice generous pinch
of salt and again a generous pinch of
pepper and then we're gonna beat them
together simply with a fork this is such
an easy recipe even the kids can do it I
mean my children make scrambled eggs all
the time nothing spectacular nothing
fancy just beaten eggs and then we're
gonna go straight in to the frying pan
now as you'll see we want to use a
wooden spoon as well because we don't
want to scratch there the fine pan
otherwise it won't be stiff nonstick
anymore if you come in and have a look
because we've preheated the pan the
cooking process starts automatically
straightaway so once you keep the eggs
moving that's all you need to do is just
keep them moving around the pan around
and around don't leave it keep them
moving because otherwise they'll just
end up in a omelet and that's not what
this recipes we don't want to cook them
all the way because we're gonna leave
them to rest so you'll see here that
this looks quite running still but I'm
gonna flatten it out over the pan and
while I bottom my toast and then you'll
see when we come back to there that will
be perfectly cooked so just get some on
the toast
now I like butter as you can probably
tell but if you don't you don't have to
use it you can use a drizzle of olive
oil or nothing but it's alright to
splurge a little bit now let's go back
to the eggs you can see now look the
residual heat from that pan has put them
completely
so because they've set they're a bit
lumpy so I'm just gonna chop them up a
little bit and then this is for two
people six six so we'll just take half I
just put it on the plate like that and
there you go my friends scrambled eggs
the most simple yet effective recipe
your lever maybe try it out let me know
how you get on in the comments box below
don't forget to subscribe but most
importantly enjoy yourselves have you
hook it